It is as important as the delicate training itself a few minutes
when we finish to relieve the tension accumulated in the muscles
trained
we will do it in the following way with a series of stretching exercises
flexibility as Beijing
we are not looking for an increase in aggressiveness
not only change this
a general rule that
in maintaining the position
20 to 30 seconds
in a static movement
I posted on Friday
static passive
i keep them two bonus
mostly used
for example for the breastplate simply taking a fulcrum and pulling the
body
we can relax
and is approved by more than the pectoral
which include the rules
we will keep 20 30 seconds each positions each of the arms
for the back
we can do a stretch of the rosebush
letting the shoulders
go to the ground
let's avoid pushing or pushing
if not relax
simply by letting the body is asking for himself
we can relieve the tension of the quadriceps
this other stretch
if it is not its own, it advances on the paradela line
will work more near the knee part of the quadriceps
we lower the hip in the quadriceps
dt basquiat completely from the highest area
to end
is that if you want to make morals
we will keep the attention
there is always a comfortable movement
if drought allowed me
we will simply advance through our legs
up to kill a certain degree comfortable arrest
point at which we will maintain the movement
to majors of those exercises
we can expand it whenever necessary other muscle groups